this is Irene Willis she's 15 years old
and living the most insignificant
geographical location in North America
Irene is not allowed to watch TV surf
the internet or even own a cell phone do
you ever wish we lived in a parallel
universe where high school didn't exist
but this year at school things are going
to be different I'm gonna be a
cheerleader absolutely not you will not
be a cheerleader why you were you're not
a cheerleader material like I was they
made funny you didn't they
no they asked me to join squad rather
lucky than you too sometimes
Irene lost the time you'll be suspended
for two weeks all of you troublemakers
I'm not a troublemaker I'm a victim we
have a special program for suspended
students hope you like old people
screw-ups follow me I'm not the one who
employed at a retirement home girlfriend
how am I ever going to become a
cheerleader when I'm still gonna return
them in home we have a proposal who here
wants to dance who here wants to dance
with him what I want to do with him
isn't called dancing why can't life just
be easy
[Music]
[Applause]
they say the key to success is to look
into the future and visualize what you
want to become
you might not die in here
my grandpa was hit by a delivery truck
outside of a laundromat
[Music]